status	                black/white
dialog_text	            black/white
dialog_menu	            black/white
dialog_selected	        white/transparent bold
dialog_highlight	    red/white
dialog_frame	        blue/white
main_text	            cyan/transparent
main_menu	            white/transparent
main_selected	        magenta/black bold
main_highlight	        red/transparent	bold
main_frame	            blue/transparent bold
main_history_incoming	magenta/transparent	bold
main_history_outgoing	white/transparent
clist_icq	            cyan/transparent
clist_yahoo	            red/transparent
clist_infocard	        white/transparent
clist_msn	            cyan/transparent
clist_aim	            cyan/transparent
clist_irc	            red/transparent
clist_jabber	        cyan/transparent
clist_rss	            green/transparent bold
clist_lj	            cyan/transparent bold
clist_gg	            blue/transparent bold
clist_online	        white/transparent bold
clist_offline	        black/transparent bold
clist_away	            grey/transparent bold
clist_dnd	            magenta/transparent	bold
clist_na	            black/transparent bold
clist_free_for_chat	    green/transparent bold
clist_invisible	        grey/transparent bold
clist_not_in_list	    white/transparent bold
clist_unread	        red/transparent	bold
