# mono-herb .. moc theme
# by: M.reDD - mredd -at- 0tue0.com
# http://m-redd.com
# 
# Date: Sun Jan  3 12:21:19 PST 2010


background		        = black     default	  normal
frame			        = white     default   normal
window_title		    = green	    default	  bold
directory		        = black	    default   bold
selected_directory	    = green	    default	  normal
playlist		        = white	    default	  normal
selected_playlist	    = grey	    default	  bold
file			        = black	    default   normal
selected_file		    = grey	    default	  bold
marked_file		        = black	    default	  bold
marked_selected_file	= red	    default	  bold
info			        = green	    default	  normal
status			        = white	    default	  bold
title			        = grey	    default	  bold
state			        = red	    default	  bold,blink
current_time		    = white	    default	  bold
time_left		        = grey	    default	  normal
total_time		        = black	    default	  bold
time_total_frames	    = white	    default	  normal
sound_parameters	    = green	    default	  bold
legend			        = magenta   default   normal
disabled		        = black	    default	  bold
enabled			        = grey	    default	  bold
empty_mixer_bar		    = white	    default	  bold
filled_mixer_bar	    = black	    default	  bold
empty_time_bar		    = red	    default	  bold
filled_time_bar		    = white	    default	  normal
entry			        = grey      default	  bold
entry_title		        = white     default	  bold
error			        = red	    default	  bold
message			        = black     default	  bold
plist_time		        = grey		default	  bold
