
[default]
save_search_field= gs
add_view= ga
bookmark= M
bookmarks= gb
bookmarks_nv= gB
bookmarks_nw= wB
remove_view= d
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_commands=Control I
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
allow_cookie= CC
decrease_master= gh
download_hint= gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_userscript= eu
find_backward= ?
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_nth_view= T
focus_prev= K
hint_mode= f
hint_mode_nv= F
hint_mode_nw= wf
history_back= H
history_forward= L
increase_master= gl
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
load_html=Control Mod1 p
load_html_nv=Control Mod1 p
new_view= V
new_window= W
open_quickmark= b
open_quickmark_nv= B
open_quickmark_nw= wb
open_start_page=Control h
web_inspector= wi
paste= pp
paste_nv= Pp
paste_nw= wp
paste_primary= pP
paste_primary_nw= wP
paste_primary_nv= PP
print=Control Mod1 p
push_master= gp
reload= r
save_quickmark= m
save= sf
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_percent= %
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
set_global_setting= sgs
set_key= sk
set_setting= ss
scripts= gs
spell_checking= gs
show_global_settings= Ss
autoload_images= gs
autoresize_window= gs
toggle_scripts_host= tsh
toggle_scripts_uri= tsu
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= tth
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= ttu
toggle_bottomstack= tb
caret_browsing= gs
toggle_hidden_files= g.
java_applets= gs
toggle_maximized= gm
plugins= gs
private_browsing= gs
proxy=Control p
undo= u
view_source= gf
yank= yy
yank_primary= yY
zoom_in= zi
zoom_out= zo
zoom_normal= z=
Open= go
open= o
Open_nv= gO
open_nv= O
Open_nw= wO
open_nw= wo
